README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <picture>
        <source
            media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
            srcset="app/static/logo_dark.png" />
        <source
            media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"
            srcset="app/static/logo_light.png" />
        <img alt="chenga" src="app/static/logo_light.png" />
    </picture>
</div>

# Chenga
Simple manga e-commerce I made for a college project. Writen in Lua, using 
[lapis](https://github.com/leafo/lapis),
[htmx](https://github.com/bigskysoftware/htmx),
and [picocss](https://github.com/picocss/pico).

## Installing
Only tested on Debian 12 Bookworm, should work fine in other distros.
May or may not run on Windows.

Install PostgreSQL, Luarocks and Lua5.1/LuaJIT using your system package manager, then download
the luarocks dependencies.
```sh
sudo apt install postgresql postgresql-contrib luarocks liblua5.1-dev libluajit-5.1-dev
luarocks install lapis lua-cjson bcrpyt tableshape bit lpeg --local --lua-version=5.1
```

Additionaly, you have to install openresty. Follow the installation instructions in
[openresty's installation page](https://openresty.org/en/installation.html).

## Settings
You can modify the project settings in `app/config.lua`.

By default, PostgreSQL should be running in port 5432, have an `ecommerce` database and set
the password as `password` for user `postgres`. The queries in `sql_init.sql` can be used to create the database.

You also need to add a `data/secret.lua` file, it should return a string to be
used as a secret token.
```lua
-- data/secret.lua
return "myfunnysecrethehehaha"
```

## Running
Go inside the `app/` folder and run one of the following commands (don't forget to load your
luarocks environment):
```sh
lapis server development # to run in dev mode
lapis server production # to run in production mode
```

The website runs on port 8080 by default.

## Images
### Home page
![chenga_home](img/chenga_home.png)
### Details page
![chenga_mofuark](img/chenga_mofuark.png)
### Dashboard
![chenga_admin](img/chenga_admin.png)

Commit message:

Add docker-compose, modify README and move the app folder to the project root

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <picture>
        <source
            media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
            srcset="app/static/logo_dark.png" />
        <source
            media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"
            srcset="app/static/logo_light.png" />
        <img alt="chenga" src="app/static/logo_light.png" />
    </picture>
</div>

# Chenga
Simple manga e-commerce I made for a college project. Writen in Lua, using 
[lapis](https://github.com/leafo/lapis),
[htmx](https://github.com/bigskysoftware/htmx),
and [picocss](https://github.com/picocss/pico).

## Installing
Tested on Debian 12 Bookworm and Arch Linux, but it should work fine on other distros.

First you need to install openresty, LuaJIT and luarocks. Follow the installation instructions from
[openresty's installation page](https://openresty.org/en/installation.html) or install it from
your package manager if it's available.

You need to install the following dependencies from luarocks:
```sh
luarocks install lapis lua-cjson bcrpyt tableshape bit lpeg --local --lua-version=5.1
```

For the database you have two options, either run PostgreSQL locally and create the user
and database specified in `config.lua`, or just use docker with the provided `docker-compose.yml`

Lastly, you have to define a secret in the `data/secret.lua` file. It just has to return
a string that will be used as a secret token, like the following:
```lua
-- data/secret.lua
return "myfunnysecrethehehaha"
```

## Running
Run one of the following commands (don't forget to load your luarocks environment):
```sh
lapis server development # to run in dev mode
lapis server production # to run in production mode
```

The website runs on port 8080 by default.

## Images
### Home page
![chenga_home](img/chenga_home.png)
### Details page
![chenga_mofuark](img/chenga_mofuark.png)
### Dashboard
![chenga_admin](img/chenga_admin.png)
